# Point Reyes Elk Counts
Abundance estimates for elk herds at Point Reyes National Seashore: Annual estimates are compiled, including counts of individuals by sex and age-class for individual herds (where available). These data are in the file: `./data/abundance.xlsx`

The data file contains references for each annual estimate. I have transcribed and compiled these data myself from publically available sources. This has been done to in an effort to make all abundance estimates (1978–Present) publically available to interested parties with respect to elk population dynamics here or elsewhere, the National Park Service's management plans that may affect these herds, including cooperative agreements with tribal and state management of elk in California. Interested parties may include the scientific community, educators, and the general public. 

The compiled estimates are missing some years, including more recent years since 2018, where I have not yet been able to find publically available data to fill in those gaps. If you have knowledge of missing data that can be filled-in (with a citable reference), to make this dataset as complete and informative as possible to other interested parties, please feel free to collaborate by opening a new "issue" for this repository, or by submitting a pull request to update the data file.

These transcribed estimates are provided as is, with no warranty. It is the end user's responsibility to ensure that records are transcribed correctly. If a transcription error is found, please feel free to collaborate in any necessary correction through one of the two approaches noted above (i.e., open an issue or submit a pull request). 
